MTM-45799 add generic information about inventory roles improvements (#628)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-permissions.md

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button (showing the current user name) at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

> ### Performance improvements

Reviewer: This is great improvement, but I'm not convinced that user documentation is right place to announce that since X.Y version something works better - this should be announced via other channels (release notes, demo, tech forum, trainings etc).
From UI point of view nothing has changed and after few more c8y versions this information will become meaningless.

Author: We have discussed this with Elena and @jaro-herod and idea was to have "something" in public docs accessible for all users, and more precise article with details and limitation on tech-forum.

I think it may be important from UI point of view that response time changes from 10-60s to 50-100ms for particular screens. We can have clients starting to use inventory roles after this change, and tech-forum article may be not obvious to find

Starting from the version 10.13 of the Cumulocity platform several improvements were implemented for users with inventory roles access. In the past slower responses could have been observed on the tenants with big inventory hierarchies. Currently following UI pages should work smoother after switching to new approach:
* Device Management > Devices > particular device page > tabs including "Info", "Measurements", "Alarms", "Events", "Control" should load and present the data fast
* Device Management > Devices > All devices, and all similar screens with search for multiple inventory objects 

> * All screens with aggregated alarm views from many devices, if number of alarms in the system is not big. Example screens: Cockpit > Home, Cockpit > Alarms, Device Management > Home

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.
```

> * Similar for screens with aggregated events and operations from many devices. Example screens: Device Management > Overviews > Events, Device Management > Overviews > Device control

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example Device Management > Overviews > Events and Device Management > Overviews > Device control.
```

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button (showing the current user name) at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

### Performance improvements

Starting with version 10.13 of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, several improvements have been implemented for users with inventory roles access.
In earlier versions responses were slow for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.

> The following UI pages have an improved performance after updating to version 10.16:

Reviewer 2: here it says 10.16 now, but 10.13 above
is this intended?

Author: Yes. The situation looks like this: 
* improvements have started in 10.13, and it was covering MEA Apis
* in 10.14 there were added improvements for Inventory ("All devices" page)
in both versions this was behind the feature flag (by default OFF)
* in 10.16 there were added improvements for Operations (merged), and changing feature flag to ON (approved)

So I want to prepare different PRs for each version respectively, after this one is approved. 

Maybe we can change 10.16 to _"after updating to current version"_ or _"have an improved performance in current version"_

Author: yes, `.0` is not a problem. We can even add 0 to `10.13.0` to have it standard/similar in both places.

Reviewer 3: Maybe it's just me, but as this is for docs and you already emphasized when the improvements started and what was the most recent one, maybe it would make sense to list what was introduced in the versions over time (like you did in the comment above).
When preparing PRs for earlier versions, you can just skip paragraphs/points about the newer ones.

Author: does it work properly, or is hardcoded to 10.11.0 now?
I changed locally text to `after updating to version {{< c8y-current-version >}}` and I see on hugo preview `10.11.0`

Reviewer 2: it is maintained in every release branch (but apparently not in develop :D)

Author: We can decide what is better for this public docs. The more detailed description will be pushed to tech-forum based on the document I shared for review.
I was thinking to start with the note that improvements started in 10.13, and then for each release write not the delta from previous but sum of all improvements which are accessible in "current" version (MEA in 10.13; MEA+Inventory in 10.14&10.15, all in 10.16)

But if you guys think that it is better to mention all changes with versions in which those were introduced - we can do it this way.

Author: we have agreed in team PlaMa to only put current version, and have cumulative information what has been improved. 
Each PR will have slightly changed text.

* In the [device details view](/users-guide/device-management/#device-details), the tabs **Info**, **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events** and **Control**.
* Pages displaying lists of inventory objects, such as [All devices](/users-guide/device-management/#viewing-devices).
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example, [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.

> * Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example, Device Management > Overviews > Events and Device Management > Overviews > Device control.

Reviewer 2: those links would be:

```suggestion
* Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example, [Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices > Troubleshooting devices > To view events](/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-events) and [Device Management > Monitoring and controlling devices > Working with operations](/users-guide/device-management/#working-with-operations).
```

> * Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example, Device Management > Overviews > Events and Device Management > Overviews > Device control.

Author: Thanks for links Paweł, we will use them :).
Richard - Is it better to use documentation names like "Monitoring and controlling device" or UI names like "Overviews" ?
I prefer to see UI screens, but maybe in documentation there is a rule to always use doc pages titles/chapters

> * Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example, Device Management > Overviews > Events and Device Management > Overviews > Device control.

Reviewer 2: if we use doc links, we have a standard way of expressing paths to the section we link to.
if we are referring to UI views directly, i'd advise against using links if we don't have the exact view as a screenshot somewhere in the documentation.

your call, i'm fine with either. i think pawel suggested some places where aggregated events/operations also occur, but where we have infact a screenshot of the UI view.

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button (showing the current user name) at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

### Improving the performance

> The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform now has optimized UI performance for users with inventory roles access. In particular, requests for tenants with large inventory hierarchies are faster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform provides optimized UI performance for users with inventory roles access. In particular, requests for tenants with large inventory hierarchies are faster.
```

The performance of the following UI pages is improved:
* In the [device details view](/users-guide/device-management/#device-details), the tabs **Info**, **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events** and **Control**.
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example, [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.
* Pages with aggregated events from multiple devices, if the number of events is low, for example, [Device Management > Overviews > Events](/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-events).
* Pages with aggregated operations from multiple devices, if the number of operations is low, for example, [Device Management > Overviews > Device control](/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-single-operations).

> As an administrator, you can switch back to the previous solution and this improved performance feature will be disabled:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can disable the performance feature:
```
